Hi, I'm Masequa Myers and I'll be talking
about a few of the most essential and fun
components in celebrating Kwanzaa. First of
all, because they're our future, Kwanzaa is
all about the children as well in our family.
And on the last day, is when we bring out
the zawadis, the gifts. And those gifts are
given to the children on the seventh day.
And remember, the children can give each other
gifts, can give the adults gifts, the adults
can give them gifts. But what we really want
to stress is creativity and not just buying
something, but something that you create yourself,
that you put your heart and your love into
it. So we're not worried about how much it
cost or where it came from as long as it comes
from the heart. And also on the last day,
is our feast day, our karamu, which means
we all come together either in our family
or in the community or at public Kwanzaas
and we bring food and we eat and we sing and
we say prayer and we mediate and we pour libation.
But we do this all over the wonderful activity
of food. So the karamu is the big feast. Feast
is the English translation of the word karamu.
So I hope you incorporate these two essentials
in your celebrating of Kwanzaa. And, if you
want more information about how Dr. Maulana
Karenga created Kwanzaa, feel free to pick
up his Kwanzaa book. It is so wonderful. It
goes into details about everything that we've
covered in this video. And visit the official
Kwanzaa website.